# Reflection
From a process point of view, one thing that went really well for me was starting the project as soon as it was assigned. This gave me time to think about the programming challenges over time without the pressure to do it all at once. My biggest challenge on the project was creating the build_random_function function. My original approach (or process) for creating this function was flawed. I had not thought of a good way to break the problem down or simplify it. I just dove right in and tried to basically right it in one go without understanding exactly what the function had to do.

However, I was able to revise my method and basically rewrite the whole function. I talked to a professor and NINJA about the function and was able to come up with a better approach. Instead of going right to writing the function, I spent some time with a whiteboard and marker to try to understand better what the function was going to do. The biggest thing I got out of this was the revelation to randomize the depth of the function right at the top. This reduced the complexity of the function immensely. I also decided to have a helper function to actually choose the random functions, which also made it a lot easier to concentrate on this difficult problem for me.

I felt like I had a pretty solid plan for unit testing given the randomness of a good chunk of the functions. This project was definitely more difficult to unit test for than the previous one, however, I created a variety of unit tests and manually checked each result when I could not have a non-random result. On the build_random_function, I did most of my testing with shorter functions which I was more able to accurately check. I also added print statements to check the output through each time running the function during the recursion.

Going forward, I would like to spend more time understanding what my functions and code overall is trying to accomplish. If I spend more time understanding the problem, it will allow me to create a process for solving the problem before I even start coding. Overall, I think this will save time and allow me to focus on making more streamlined code.

On another note, I would have liked to try some of the going beyond portions since I was mostly done with the project early on. However, I got busy with some Candidates' Weekend stuff and found diving into the toolboxes much more interesting and useful for my programming knowledge growth.
